README.md, before:

# PythonTriCities demo first.

This is a simple demo to make sure our new users have Python set up and working

## Getting Started

1. Create the virtual environment if it doesn\'t exist:

```
python3 -m venv .venv
```

2. Start your virtual environment.

```
source ./.venv/bin/activate
```

3. Test that it is not legacy Python, ie 2.7

```
python --version
```

should show something like this:
```
Python 3.6.4
```

### Prerequisites

Python3

### Installing

Clone the repo 

```
git clone https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere.git
```

## Running the tests

No test for this script

## Versioning

Use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere.git/tags).

## Authors

* **John M** - *Initial work* - [TechSolX](https://github.com/techsolx)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Help from the internets, stackoverflow, users group members, etc...

## Test your git ability by adding your Github link here:

Commit message:

Update README.md to cover multiple platforms.
Edited README, added links to Python install, added procedures for macOS
and Windows machines.

README.md, after:

# PythonTriCities demo first.

This is a simple demo to make sure our new users have Python set up and working

## Getting Started

0. Make sure you have Python installed.  Follow these guides:
  * [Linux Box:](https://docs.python.org/3/using/unix.html)
  * [Windows Box:](https://docs.python.org/3/using/windows.html)
  * [macOS box:](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/osx/)

### Steps 1, and 2 are optional but recommended

1. Create the virtual environment if it doesn\'t exist:
  * [What/'s a virtual environment?](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)

On Linux/Mac it is: python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment

I like to set the path to be in the directory with a folder that shows the  version of Python that I am running,
 so:

```
python3 -m venv ./.venv/python3.6
```
On Windows it is c:\>c:\Python35\python -m venv c:\path\to\myenv


```
c:\>c:\Python35\python -m venv c:\path\to\myenv
```

2. Start your virtual environment.

Linux/Mac:

```
source ./.venv/bin/activate
```

Windows:

```
c:\path\to\myenv\Scripts\activate.bat
```

3. Test that it is not legacy Python, ie 2.7

```
python --version
```

should show something like this:
```
Python 3.6.4
```

### Prerequisites

Python3

### Installing

Clone the repo 

```
git clone https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere.git
```

## Running the tests

No test for this script

## Versioning

Use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere.git/tags).

## Authors

* **John M** - *Initial work* - [TechSolX](https://github.com/techsolx)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/PythonTriCities/starthere/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Help from the internets, stackoverflow, users group members, etc...

## Test your git ability by adding your Github link here:
